alright people it's your local random
here over here again all right I'm kind
of switching this up this time around
right I am going to talk about prepaid
cell phone plans okay um somebody just
in case something some of my viewers out
there thinking about you know getting
them a prepaid cell phone plan I can sit
back and sort of guide them on which one
be better which which way would not be
better yeah that was lightning yeah I
ran ain't afraid I'm not afraid of said
like you just say Iran um alright the
first one I'm going to talk about is
virgin mobile all right virgin mobile
one of their plans is the textures the
light which is like 20 bucks in my
limited tax right Tencent its charge
right um the monthly plans is they got
14 totally unlimited right so if you sit
back here and get the full package them
up so you running around about 70 bucks
a month right personally likes it I'm
looking at it right here so you know it
wouldn't be one really be worth it to
get that one right the next one I am
looking at is
AT&T gophone right um AT&T is not a bad
company they claim that they don't lose
service right but the plans or just crap
that's what I believe you know I didn't
curse I said crowd um for twenty bucks
for twenty bucks a month right you get
unlimited texting right for twenty bucks
a month you get free nights and weekends
you know free eight-tenths hit free AT&T
mobile and stuff like this um they
actually got a little bit of plans like
100 bucks right but if you actually do
the calculations for you to sit back
here in accessing and have unlimited
calling that's like three dollars a day
which is not really work that you
actually losing money instead of saving
money right um so like I said that's not
really worth it and if you don't sit
back and go I planned that's when the
220 sent some 25 cents a minute I'm the
next one I'm looking at tracfone try
think personally listen for my personal
use I have not set back a metal person
who uses tracfone and sit back and been
successfully happy because tracfone is
one of the big rip offers right because
you have to sit back here in order in
order for you to sit back here and get
something good for it you have to sit
back here and buy a double minutes card
and a ling your card in order to sit
back here and get some ministers for
example if you said I can't get 60
minute card right with double double
double Dementors better be 120 cards or
120 minutes right and it just uses my
unit immunise it's good if you send Mike
here feeling American traveling into
Canada yeah I say go for um turn
ugliness net 10 I signed back here and
look at this you get the minutes and
stuff like this five cents of texts and
stuff like this and personally like I
said that's not even worth it I'm just
gonna be honest with you um last and
least I'm gonna is we're not last but
one of the people actually looked at
I'm thinking about going soon yeah I got
but I got the credit folks you know to
me to smoke boost mobile has got a plan
well you spent 50 bucks a month and with
that 50 bucks a month you get unlimited
Carla and limited texting limit internet
right but the good thing about boost
mobile that's why i said is that you can
take an old nextel phone pop out the sim
card and put it in the sim card of the
boost mobile sim card that's where the
stuffs according to the website like I
said I don't know how true it is right
but boost mobile runs off of all the old
nextel sites you know I mean the old
nextel towers right just a couple more
on there like Verizon Verizon got one
out there impulse right me personally I
think the impulse is just rip off
because everybody's now like they got
one that you pay like a dollar I dollar
a day we're on the days that you use two
dollars a day and three dollars a day
like said no 399 four dollars a month
for dollars that you're gonna live in
the collar but not unlimited text and
see that's the thing about verizon I'll
tell got a plan that is like you spend
like the most expenditures like a dollar
twenty five a day you got unlimited
mobile to mobile unlimited texting call
your favorite number right and three
nights and weekends right but personally
like I said it just they are trying to
also having combined having can't
compete with dan white with some of
these other companies but they can sit
back and compete with a TNT virgin
mobile and stuff like this um t-mobile I
have AI think you getting a limited
texting and stuff like that but it's the
same thing as I'll tell to a point but
if you trying to rock out with the
prepaid plan I said I can tell you hey
look Road booths know why I'm not gonna
lie to you know who's mobile on their
website gotta hunt 129 dollar someone
like a blackberry phones and stuff
I 435 clutch right it actually looks
pretty good I'm not going on but don't
think I don't like about it is that you
can't use an SD card SD card is like if
anybody says back here and got like a
memory corn you can't use it this
basically it makes your old phone
useless if you gonna sit back here and
use the SD card you know because that's
all I call your music and stuff like
that um but this is your lucky random
hero scared half scared out half of his
mom because of the lightning and thunder
so often get off here I'll talk to y'all
later and God bless